A young anime-style girl with large blue eyes and short dark hair. She's wearing a vintage pilot outfit consisting of an orange scarf wrapped around her neck, a matching orange short dress, and a brown belt with a buckle around her waist. She holds an old-fashioned pilot headset with one hand while adjusting the goggles placed on her helmet with the other. She also has a small communication antenna protruding from the top of her helmet. Her expression is one of surprise with her mouth slightly open. The girl is also holding a rolled-up map or document in her other hand. The background is white.

An animated character stands in a confident posture. The character is a young female with purple, short hair and wears large round glasses. She is dressed in a vibrant orange knee-length dress, secured with a belt. Over the dress, she wears a blueish-green, loose jacket. Wrapped around her neck is a green scarf that drapes down her front.

On her head, she dons a unique green helmet with a few silver details, including an antenna sticking up from the top. In her right hand, she holds a long-handled hammer with a metallic head. Hanging on her side is a brown leather shoulder bag. On her feet, she sports brown boots that reach just below the knees. She carries a gray side bag that hangs by her left hip. The character gives off an adventurous and intelligent vibe.




An anime-style girl stands in a confident posture. The character is a young female with purple, short hair and wears large round glasses. She's wearing a vintage pilot outfit consisting of an orange scarf wrapped around her neck, a matching orange short dress, and a brown belt with a buckle around her waist. She is adjusting the goggles placed on her helmet with her left hand. She also has a small communication antenna protruding from the top of her helmet. Her expression is one of surprise with her mouth slightly open. In her right hand, she holds a long-handled hammer with a metallic head. Hanging on her side is a brown leather shoulder bag. On her feet, she sports brown boots that reach just below the knees. She carries a gray side bag that hangs by her left hip. The character gives off an adventurous and intelligent vibe.